Add "The Query Evaluation Model in Detail" Chapter. (#270)
rust-lang/rustc-guide: src/queries/query-evaluation-model-in-detail.md

 - The provider function must be a pure function, that is, for the same key it
   must always yield the same result.
 - The only parameters a provider function takes are the key and a reference to
   the "query context" (which provides access to rest of the "database").

The database is built up lazily by invoking queries. The query providers will
invoke other queries, for which the result is either already cached or computed
by calling another query provider. These query provider invocations
conceptually form a directed acyclic graph (DAG) at the leaves of which are
input values that are already known when the query context is created.

## Caching/Memoization

Results of query invocations are "memoized" which means that the query context
will cache the result in an internal table and, when the query is invoked with
the same query key again, will return the result from the cache instead of
running the provider again.

This caching is crucial for making the query engine efficient. Without
memoization the system would still be sound (that is, it would yield the same
results) but the same computations would be done over and over again.

> Memoization is one of the main reason swhy query providers have to be pure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Memoization is one of the main reasons why query providers have to be pure
```

options the compiler was invoked with. In the future, inputs will just consist
of command-line options and a list of source files -- the HIR map will itself
be provided by a query which processes these source files.

Without inputs, queries would live in a void without anything to compute their
result from (remember, query providers only have access to other queries and
the context but not any other outside state or information).

For a query provider, input data and results of other queries look exactly the
same: It just tells the context "give me the value of X". Because input data
is immutable, the provider can rely on it being the same across
different query invocations, just as is the case for query results.

## An example execution trace of some queries

How does this DAG of query invocations come into existence? At some point
the compiler driver will create the, as yet empty, query context. It will then,
from outside of the query system, invoke the queries it needs to perform its
task. This looks something like the following:

```rust,ignore
fn compile_crate() {}
    let cli_options = ...;
    let hir_map = ...;

    // Create the query context `tcx`

>     let tcx = TyCtxt::new(cli_options, hir_map);

Reviewer 2: This is probably a dumb question, but why is the query context called `TyCtxt`? I'd have thought it would be called `QryCtxt` or `QCtxt` or something.

It's been that way as long as I can remember and I assumed it was short for "type context" or something.

Author: The `tcx` is called "type context" or "type checking context" purely for historical reasons, I'd say. There's been talk about renaming to "query context" (e.g. `qx` or `qcx`) for a while. For now, the `tcx` acts the query context (and does a few other things too).
